DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, D&D, Wizards of the Coast, Forgotten Realms, the dragon ampersand, all other Wizards of the Coast product names, and their respective logos are trademarks of Wizards of the Coast in the USA and other countries.

This font is a fanmade, unofficial resource derived from the version of the Infernal script provided in the Dungeons & Dragons 5th Edition module "Baldur's Gate: Descent into Avernus" on page 256.

This font was created in memory of Neale Davidson, a fantastic contributor to the online community of Dungeons & Dragons who created several popular versions of scripts provided in previous edition materials. If you appreciate this font, I would encourage you to donate to his wife's PayPal, which can be found on pixelsagas.com/

Shareware Usage Terms

The Infernal font is free to use for personal, non-commercial purposes. No payment is necessary to use the Infernal font for personal use, and there is no limit to the amount of prints, pages, or other medium to be produced using them. However, you cannot offer the font for commercial sale, or offer for direct download. The inclusion othe font name and/or site URL in the credits or documentation when it is used is appreciated, but this is not mandatory.

Payment

Payment is not required for the use of the Infernal font.

Support

No support is provided for this font, questions or comments may be directed to Tenka Digi on DeviantArt ( https://www.deviantart.com/tenkadigi ), though response is not guarunteed.

Tenka Digi expressly disclaims any warranty for the font. The font and any related documentation is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of the font remains with the user.

No Liability For Consequential Damages.

In no event shall Tenka Digi be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use this product, even if Tenka Digi has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

3) MISCELLANEOUS

Should the user have any questions concerning this document or you desire to contact Neale Davidson for any reason, please email tenkadigi@hotmail.com .

Governing Law

This agreement is governed by and subject to the laws of the United States of America.
